---
layout: legacy
---

# Version 3.16 - 3.22 

## Instructions

1.  Download the package file [eds_plugin_3.1646.kpz](https://github.com/ebsco/edsapi-koha-plugin/raw/Koha-v3.16.x-to-Koha-v3.22.0x/eds_plugin_3.1646.kpz)

2.  Login to Koha Admin and go to the plugin screen

3.  Upload Plugin

4.  Click on Run Tool and follow instructions to patch core Koha files.

5.  Update folder permissions

6.  If updating the plugin run chmod 755 eds-* in the opac folder.

7.  Click Configure on the plugin list and enter EDS settings and save. Contact support@ebsco.com for field values.

8.  Click Update Info. Wait for the page to refresh. You might have to click Update Info twice if it initiating connection takes time the first time.


## Apache Setup Instructions

### Debian
```
sudo nano /etc/apache2/sites-available/library 
Add the following line between <VirtualHost /> just after all the include statements,
Alias /plugin/ "/var/lib/koha/instancename/plugins/"
```

### Ubuntu
```
Alias /plugin/ "/var/lib/koha/instancename/plugins/"
   <Location "/plugin/">
     Options ExecCGI
     AddHandler cgi-script .pl
     AllowOverride All
     Require all granted
   </Location>
```

## Patches

### What are Patches?
Patches are files that are used to replace existing core Koha files to extend the integration of the Koha EDS Plugin. The required feature/functionality cannot be provided through the plugin feature of Koha so core file are updated with additional code.

### Installing a Patch
[All patches are in the patches folder](https://github.com/ebsco/edsapi-koha-plugin/tree/Koha-v3.16.x-to-Koha-v3.22.0x/Patches). Note the directory structure the patch is placed in on GitHub. This replicates the file location from the Koha Core root directory. For example if a file is in the Patches/opac/cgi-bin/opac location in GitHub; the file needs to be placed in <Koha Root>/opac/cgi-bin/opac directory on the server. If the file needs to be replace an existing file; please keep a copy of the original so you can rollback. Some functionalities may require changes to the plugin too.

For example the opac-sendbasket.pl integration required an update in the EDSScript.js file located in the js directory of the plugin. The variable ((patchSendCart)) needs to be set to 1. Refer to the release notes/comments associated with the file as it will contain instructions if any updated need to happen to the plugin.